Add hint metrics (#8)
suhailpatel/seastat: README.md

| `seastat_storage_tokens` | Number of tokens reported by Cassandra  | Gauge |
| `seastat_storage_node_status` | Status (`live`, `unreachable`, `joining`, `moving`, `leaving`) of each node in the cluster (tagged by node and status) | Gauge |

## Hint Metrics

These metrics come from the [Storage](https://cassandra.apache.org/doc/latest/operating/metrics.html#storage-metrics) metric which keeps track of hints, node load and storage exceptions.

| Name          | Description   | Type |
| ------------- | ------------- | ---- |
|TotalHintsInProgress|Number of hints attemping to be sent currently.|Counter|

> |TotalHints|Number of hint messages written to this node since [re]start. Includes one entry for each host to be hinted per hint.|Counter|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `seastat_total_hints` | Number of hint messages written to this node since [re]start. Includes one entry for each host to be hinted per hint. | Counter |
| `seastat_total_hints_in_progress` | Number of hints attempting to be sent currently from this node. | Gauge |
```
